Add table pagerduty_vendor. Closes #9 (#10)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-pagerduty: docs/tables/pagerduty_vendor.md

# Table: pagerduty_vendor

> A PagerDuty vendor represents a specific type of integration, i.e. AWS Cloudwatch, Splunk, Datadog etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A PagerDuty vendor represents a specific type of integration, e.g., AWS Cloudwatch, Splunk, Datadog.
```

> **Note:**It is recommended that queries to this table should include (usually in the `where` clause) at least one of these columns: `name` or `id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** It is recommended that queries specify `name` or `id` in order to limit results and produce faster queries.
```

## Examples

> ### List vendor for AWS CloudWatch integration

Reviewer: Do we only get 1 vendor/row from this query, or are multiple returned?

Author: @cbruno10  This query will return 1 row that contains information about `AWS CloudWatch` integration.
```
+-------------------+---------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| name              | id      | description                                                                                                                                                                      |
+-------------------+---------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Amazon CloudWatch | PZQ6IND | Amazon Web Services CloudWatch provides monitoring for AWS cloud resources and customer-run applications.                                                                        |
|                   |         |                                                                                                                                                                                  |
|                   |         | This integration supports alarms from CloudSearch, DynamoDB, EBS, EC2, ECS, ElastiCache, ELB, ES, Kinesis, Lambda, ML, Redshift, RDS, Route53, SNS, SQS, S3, SWF, StorageGateway |
+-------------------+---------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
```

```sql
select
  name,
  id,
  description,
  website_url,
  alert_creation_default
from
  pagerduty_vendor
where
  name = 'Amazon CloudWatch';
```

> ### Get count of service using AWS CloudTrail integrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get count of services using AWS CloudTrail integrations
```

```sql
with cloudtrail_vendor as (
  select
    id as vendor_id,
    name as vendor_name
  from
    pagerduty_vendor
  where
    name = 'AWS CloudTrail'
),
service_integrations as (
  select
    service_id,
    name as integration_name,
    vendor ->> 'id' as vendor_id
  from
    pagerduty_service_integration
  where
    service_id in (select id from pagerduty_service)
)
select
  cv.vendor_name,
  count(si.service_id) as service_count
from
  cloudtrail_vendor as cv
  left join service_integrations as si on cv.vendor_id = si.vendor_id
group by
  cv.vendor_name, 
  si.service_id;
```

> ### List all available vendors

Reviewer: Should we even include this example if we don't recommend running it? I'm not sure what benefit it has, since from a reference perspective it's a simple query, i.e., no clauses, SQL functions, etc.
